29/4/25
1. Make header proper with material ui- coulnt do
2. got the logo - done
4. add vite- done
5. add theme done.
6. check resonsive design done

30/4/25
1. start with mobile first design
2. finished a decent header

1/4/25
1. Figure out how to use responsive drawer - done bitch
2. Makae admin module
3. decide on admin module
4. drawer might not be perfect first make it close and out based on button - done
5. for admin module use tab list 

2/4/25
1. Need to add users - done 
2. Then need to remove users - thinking of doing it in list user
3. Clean up users and see if all modules working properly
4. write function to handle errors in http client
5. need to add update user? -later
6. recheck list user. only list ogalvi mama users - done

3/5/25
1. Add spinner and alert component - done
2. Check password error - done
3. Add password and login to dialog and copy to clipboard and copied notification

5/5/25
1.Fix drawer -done yay
2.Add reset password 
3.Add deactivate user
4.Restore deleted user
5.fix navigation links, remove under line and add hover color -done
6. check scroll buttons later on mobile

6/5/25
1. box shading - done
1.2.Add reset password -done
2.Add deactivate user - done
3.Restore deleted user
4.Add admin user hide buttons

7/5/25
1. Finish list deleted and blocked users - done
2. unblock/restore - done
3. add location in header - not easy
4. hide modules for guests -done partially


Conflicts detected while trying to restore the user restoreUserErrors: ErrorValue:<pii>TestUser2</pii>@navigatorxdd.onmicrosoft.com ObjectType:User ConflictingObjectId:3000a507-0235-439e-aaf2-df29cd4113ed, ErrorType:SignInName, ErrorId:ConflictsErrorValue:<pii><pii>TestUser2</pii>@navigatorxdd.onmicrosoft.com</pii> ObjectType:User ConflictingObjectId:3000a507-0235-439e-aaf2-df29cd4113ed, ErrorType:UserPrincipalName, ErrorId:Conflicts
-done

8/5/25
1. Need to create new logins and test everything
2. Need to test permissions for all accounts
3. If above done, write user logs module

9/5/25
1. Need to create new logins and test everything
2. check reset password
3. make change for reset password

10/5/25
1. bug in restore user - null vbalue for user id
- leave it it doesnt happen too often

2. at home make a video and send

3. maybe do the user logs modules - do it later after asking feed back?

4. start with form ? -think architecture

5. add filter?

6. how to get location - I need another api call at header?

11/5/25
1.Currently used context to get location, need to test
2. Need to see how to enable 
3. refactored types and functions
4. added env files for prod
5. refactored admin.tsx

13/5/25
1.I need to decide for database
2. I also need to finish UI and start api
database
1. how much time will it take to migrate
it will take some time
for now dont do it

1. for now fixed the ui bug  -done
2. In ui need to use the correct input fields - done
3. Move isloading and alert props to header -done
4. for that i need to create correct context - done
5. combine admin and login context and drawer, user and main(loading and alert) -done
wait what does user do?
ah right 
make user with admin

14/5/25
1. finish the form - text boxes and well the form itself

17/5/25
1.Make a common function for both???
2. make upload file button or use camera
3. need more input to continue
4. focus on work a bit more

18/5/25
1.You need to check how to write rewrite for iis and then make changes to react also

in local iis it is working finish it. the folder structure is an issue

21/5/25
1.change iis to node js hosting

22/5/25
finally hosting is real

25/5/25
1. Big issue how to handle attachment - done
2. Need to finish attachments -done
3. Added Attachments need to send files in api calls also
    So i need to send data as formdata
Attachment sending in api calls finished.
26/5/25
1. Need to test module for errors
2. In phone allow select
3. Better way for validate text field for all fields

29/5/25
1. refactored all text box ,alert and button disables
2. now goes to dashboard
3. Made validation functions

4. Next is def dashboard 
5 Also make a function that convert object to api call
6. test all this shit

31/5/25
1. hmm need to decide on form design
2. but first on how to implement mutiple filters and default filter and save filters
hmm confused on what shit to implemetn
1. multiple sort - not important if default filter and good
2. multiple filter - even low priority
3. imagine many rows how table will function
4. For now this is enough
5. Need some auto filter in chips maybe -later
6. Set form as enum?? - done
7. single select column 

well in api only one row need to go

gj on the table !!!!!

2/6/25
1.  I need to add view form / complete form
2. In future search form also
3. So view form is simple just real from url if formId exists then readonly
4.send api call to db and it should return both data and files
5. files if removed and readded should be reflected in db

power : 75
complete feature :100
work all day :50
extras : 25


things to do :
read url
check access
2 modes readonly and not readonly

lets finish readonly first

check access and display if user has access and form exits
you have to download attachments

queryparams proper way to add?

complete:
update formId from api response
use formid to display check box -> otp -> complete


edit:
tricky
add edit button

edit attchment : dialog for deleting old attachment

attachment:
process api in parallel - done
new attachment api - done
should download files and send -done
is byte[] enough - done
time to do it , test with insomnia -done

api is working make the other changes too -??? done

now for edit and save changes

edit button added!
wait edit save must save the same form lol

before doing edit form think for some time

before i proceed with update should i think of activity -> no cause its not fun  and in my way!
atleast one attachment must be present

edit looks good but needs some testing

what about complete

edit for is bad. delete can be different

edit needs the following :
1. in request from ui pass the attachmentIds alone - done
2. in api delete those ids and fetch name. with these name delete them  -done
3. from ui when submit button is clicked it should be similar - done
4. in edit mode flow will show dialog when attachment is deleted and on ok it will be saved
5. during api calls these attschment details is sent

remmeber attachments are not updated just added and removed\

add the dialogs
repeating attachment uploads

delete attachmentss

delete dialog - done

form mode and submit = 

canedit
readonly
submitchecked
edited?


create -> view -> canedit(view with access) <-> edit
view ->submit

create - default 
view - if formId valid
canedit -> formid valid and access
edit -> click on edit

submit -> click on submit only from view
view ->submit not possible will become canedit
problem canedit and view are same

checkbox disappear after edit button is clicked or edit happened
then need state for edit happened separate value

modes and dialog done

cancel edits -done

4/6/25

1.do api validations
2. check file size

4/6/25
1. check the query validations - done

2. make submit diabled when formid zero or loading -done

activity how 

make a table and display with datagrid 


5/6/25
1.Activity module 
2.Make the query updates
3. Then add in header and main
4. Then make a data grid and display it 

5. limit phone number to not +91 ?


activity -insert and update  and create finished
attachment  - add and delete how
added 2 attachments - attachment name separated by ,
deleted 

added add attachment and delete attachment , need to test

activity log is admin only can show all
test all

delete and normal add is working fine
adding extra files need to check

7/6/25
1. check why search is not loading properly - done , due to http scopes
2. Need to check add attachment when possible and file uploads -done
3. Need to check phone when possible 
4. figure out customer login 
5. otp auth


6. Need to test for employee access
7. For customer access we need otp 
    will need to get phone no along with ids in search 
    and need to save in context so that it can be read in form.tsx

8 This demo leave customer authentication step customer can see any form nopw

9/6/25
1.  Today i will make loading
2. Need to chaneg role to customer when needed.
3. When role changed it should not affect other component

10/6/25
1. change all api to use .api

12/7/25
1. change from sending functions to sending isloading boolean
2. Can standard get and post
3. keep in mind about template but finish the things first
4. separate method and keep optional fields optional


axios - custom headers option

baseurl and scopes logic?

right now need to make it work httpclient everywhere , it looks good


1.pass axios headers properly

axios header format wrong!! -  working fine now great


1. final thing is column resize

additional things : make the text box readonly
check reload on low network


1. api auth -done
2. state loading - done but need to check
3. column resize done

2 time event happens first is state update which is now accounted for
next is time for the data grid to fetch the states!!
this autosize on mount or the other thing dont account for
timeout can vary


Next steps:
1. First make the add user change - leave it
2. Then check phone number auth - its fine leave it
3. Check validators in api - We have form and attachment validators -done
4. Try to see if logging is possible - maybe 
5. add location -done




remove authentication from certain things - done

dont rush - other roles testing is not done

pass no bearer token if values empty

form functionalities must be rechecked :(


    To do tomorrow:
    1.  Check loading and alerts 
    2. check for visibility logic , especially for employees
    3. test as customer and employee


13/7/25
1. Already fail - column didnt resize with timeout 1 and flushsync - done
2.check loading- seems to be working fine -done
3. check alerts - for post its working - done

for get error currently console logging is happening
need to add params to display error 

lets not give ui alert for get fails only things that require user interaction

To do - testing with different role

clicking submit form doesnt refresh page!

customer looks fine

i think better to rethink cutomer login until implemented login


deploy now or integrate final component???

let check graph api activity - graph api

still dash board not refreshing properly :( set two timeouts? - done

resize issue fixed 


14/7/25
deployment:
1. build api
2. delete api files except the server redirect file
3. copy new api files
4. appsettings care

1. build ui
2. delete ui files except the server redirect file
3. copy new ui files
4. env.prod care

--------
after deployment api not working

check iis if plesk server loads

going to troubleshoot deployment when server starts loading.

------------
Attachment still downloaded even if not authorised
